# Lesson 1: Introduction to Java
## Basic Elements of Java Programs
``` java
// A simple program that prints text on the terminal
public class HelloWorld {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        System.out.println("Hello,World!")
    }
}
```

### Comments
- `//` represents a comment in Java.

### Class Naming
- Class names are written in CamelCase (e.g., `HelloWorld`).

### Main Method
- The `main` method is automatically executed when you run a Java program.

### File Naming Convention
- The file must match the class declared in the file (e.g., `HelloWorld` must be the file name)
- Extension must be `.java` (e.g., `HelloWorld.java`)

## Executing Java Programs

### Compilers vs Interpreters

| Feature | Compiler | Interpreter |
| ------- | -------- | ----------- |
| Translation | Translated the `entire program` into machine code | Translates and executes the program `line-by-line` |
| Execution Speed | `Faster` since entire code is compiled into machine code | `Slower` since each line is translated and executed|
| Example | C, C++, Rust | Python, Ruby, Java|
| Platform Dependency| `Dependent`: When a compiler translates source code into machine code, the generated executable is specific to the architecture and operating system fo the computer on which the compilation took place. | `Independent`: An interpreter translates and executes code on the fly which does not produce machine-specific executables. |

## Java's Hybrid Approach

- Java takes both the Compiler and Interpreter to make a hybrid approach.
- Usually for just a compiler it goes like this:
    - Source Code -> Compiler -> Machine Code (Executable) -> Execution
- Usually for an interpreter it goes like this:
    - Source Code -> Interpreter -> Execution
- Java's Approach is:
    - Source Code (.java) -> Compiler -> `Bytecode` -> Interpreter -> Execution

- Lets look at it as the following:
- Compiler is like translating a novel:
    - Original Novel (`Source Code`): Novel is written in a foreign language (Spanish)
    - Translator (`Compiler`): A professional translator translates the whole book to another foreign language(Korean).
    - English Translated Novel (`Executable`): The book is fully translated so that anyone who can read Korean can understand the book.
- Interpreter is like a live story telling translation of the novel:
    - Original Novel (`Source Code`): Novel is written in a foreign language (Spanish)
    - Interpreter (`Interpreter`): Translates the novel into Korean as he reads.
    - Live Translation (`Execution`): The audience hears the translation as the story is being told.
- Java is like the following:
    - Original Novel (`Source Code`): Novel is written in a foreign language (Spanish)
    - Translator (`Java Compiler`): Novel is translated into a Universal Language (English)
    - Regional Interpreter (`Java Interpreter`): The region interpreter converts the Univeral Language (English) into any language needed for the audience.

- `Java's Compiler` (javac) is the compiler which compiles code into bytecode or `.class`.
- `Java's Virtual Machine` (JVM) is the interpreter which interprets bytecode generated by the compiler

## The Java Development Kit

### Compiling .java file
- To `compile` a .java file, we can type `javac (.java file)`. This will produce a `.class` file!
- Try it here [HelloWorld.java](hello_world\HelloWorld.java) 
    - If no messages are shown, then it has compiled successfully!
- To `interpret` a .class file, we can type `java (.class file name ONLY)`.
    - Do not type .class! You only need to type `java HelloWorld`.

